Enhance documentation of testing (#10726)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/man/cargo-bench.md

    cargo bench -- foo --exact

Benchmarks are built with the `--test` option to `rustc` which creates a
special executable by linking your code with libtest. The executable

> automatically runs all functions annotated with the `#[test]` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically runs all functions annotated with `#[test]` and `#[bench]` attributes.
```

I was slightly confused reading this due to the mention of `#[test]`.  I'm not sure if this is any clearer. This is delving into some low-level details that is mostly not relevant to the average user.

Author: Ok. Now I feel like mentioning `#[bench]` is enough. I'll put it back then.
